Sample_name	title	source_name	organism	APOE_genotype	condition
ctrl_01_E2	Non-infected APOE2 mouse rep 01	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE2	non-infected
ctrl_02_E2	Non-infected APOE2 mouse rep 02	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE2	non-infected
ctrl_03_E2	Non-infected APOE2 mouse rep 03	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE2	non-infected
ctrl_04_E3	Non-infected APOE3 mouse rep 01	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE3	non-infected
ctrl_05_E3	Non-infected APOE3 mouse rep 02	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE3	non-infected
ctrl_06_E3	Non-infected APOE3 mouse rep 03	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE3	non-infected
ctrl_07_E4	Non-infected APOE4 mouse rep 01	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	non-infected
ctrl_08_E4	Non-infected APOE4 mouse rep 02	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	non-infected
ctrl_09_E4	Non-infected APOE4 mouse rep 03	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	non-infected
inf_01_E2	Infected APOE2 mouse rep 01	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE2	infected
inf_02_E2	Infected APOE2 mouse rep 02	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE2	infected
inf_03_E3	Infected APOE3 mouse rep 01	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE3	infected
inf_04_E3	Infected APOE3 mouse rep 02	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE3	infected
inf_05_E4	Infected APOE4 mouse rep 01	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	infected
inf_06_E4	Infected APOE4 mouse rep 02	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	infected
inf_07_E4	Infected APOE4 mouse rep 03	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	infected
inf_08_E2	Infected APOE2 mouse rep 03	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE2	infected
inf_09_E2	Infected APOE2 mouse rep 04	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE2	infected
inf_10_E2	Infected APOE2 mouse rep 05	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE2	infected
inf_11_E3	Infected APOE3 mouse rep 03	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE3	infected
inf_12_E3	Infected APOE3 mouse rep 04	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE3	infected
inf_13_E4	Infected APOE4 mouse rep 04	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	infected
inf_15_E4	Infected APOE4 mouse rep 05	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	infected
inf_16_E4	Infected APOE4 mouse rep 06	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	infected
inf_17_E2	Infected APOE2 mouse rep 06	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE2	infected
inf_18_E3	Infected APOE3 mouse rep 05	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE3	infected
inf_19_E4	Infected APOE4 mouse rep 07	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	infected
inf_20_E4	Infected APOE4 mouse rep 08	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE4	infected
inf_23_E3	Infected APOE3 mouse rep 06	Lung	Mus musculus	APOE3	infected